add multi arch docker build (#5808)
FreshRSS/FreshRSS: Docker/README.md

* `:latest` (default) is the [latest stable release](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/releases/latest)
* `:edge` is the rolling release, same than our [git `edge` branch](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/tree/edge)
* `:x.y.z` tags correspond to [specific FreshRSS releases](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/releases), allowing you to target a precise version for deployment

> * `:x.y` tags are tied to a specific major version and minor version number. For example, `:12.2` will automatically receive updates for any `12.2.x` releases, but will not update to `12.3.x`
> * `:x` tags track the latest release within a major version series. For instance, `:12` will update to include any `12.x` releases, but will exclude versions beyond `13.x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `:x.y` tags are tied to a specific major version and minor version number. For example, `:1.23` will automatically receive updates for any `1.23.x` releases, but will not update to `1.24.x`
* `:x` tags track the latest release within a major version series. For instance, `:1` will update to include any `1.x` releases, but will exclude versions beyond `2.x`
```

I have changed to examples closer to what we have in FreshRSS

> * `*-alpine` use apline as base-image instead debian

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `*-alpine` use Linux Alpine as base-image instead of Debian
```

* `:x` tags track the latest release within a major version series. For instance, `:12` will update to include any `12.x` releases, but will exclude versions beyond `13.x`
* `*-alpine` use apline as base-image instead debian
* Our Docker images are designed with multi-architecture support, accommodating a variety of Linux platforms including `linux/arm/v7`, `linux/arm64`, and `linux/amd64`.
  * For other platforms, see the [custom build section](#build-custom-docker-image)

### Linux: Debian vs. Alpine

> Our default image is based on [Debian](https://www.debian.org/). We offer an alternative based on [Alpine](https://alpinelinux.org/) (with the `:alpine` or `*-alpine` tag suffix).

Reviewer: Don't we have the `freshrss/freshrss:alpine` tag anymore?

Author: when I am correct we have `latest-alpine`or `v2-alpine` and so on

Author: ![grafik](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/assets/1573025/da58321d-67b6-40f6-9ef4-1195830eb53e)
I testet it... there is something odd

Author: ![grafik](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/assets/1573025/20d2ed94-cb6c-4fdb-b3f9-96ba6792c004)
working now

Reviewer: So `freshrss:latest-alpine`, but no `freshrss:alpine`?

Author: yes

Reviewer: Can you think of a way to have `freshrss:alpine` ? (and maybe no `freshrss:latest-alpine` at all)
It seems to be the more common way, e.g. https://hub.docker.com/layers/library/httpd/alpine/images/sha256-e4e78032a4c6375e4e697d68f9e70306bce66ccdf09659d4c06b029d5fc60d41?context=explore

Author: done, but I find `latest-alpine` whould be "nice"

Author: ![grafik](https://github.com/FreshRSS/FreshRSS/assets/1573025/c42054ca-6746-4555-b6d8-49b745133695)
